Hello and welcome back.
This week the first thing we'll do is show
you a number of case studies of the factor
convolutional neural networks.
So why look at case studies?
Last week we learned about the basic
building blocks such as convolutional
layers, proving layers and
fully connected layers of conv nets.
It turns out a lot of the past few years
of computer vision research has been on
how to put together these
basic building blocks
to form effective
convolutional neural networks.
And one of the best ways for
you to get intuition yourself is
to see some of these examples.
I think just as many of you may have
learned to write codes by reading other
people's codes, I think that a good
way to get intuition on how to build
conv nets is to read or to see other
examples of effective conv nets.
And it turns out that a net neural
network architecture that works well on
one computer vision task often works well
on other tasks as well such as maybe on
your task.
So if someone else is training neural
network as speak it out in your network
architecture is very good at recognizing
cats and dogs and people but
you have a different computer vision
task like maybe you're trying to sell
self-driving car.
You might well be able to take someone
else's neural network architecture and
apply that to your problem.
And finally, after the next few videos,
you'll be able to read some
of the research papers from
the theater computer vision and
I hope that you might find
it satisfying as well.
You don't have to do this as a class but
I hope you might find it satisfying to be
able to read some of these seminal
computer vision research paper and
see yourself able to understand them.
So with that, let's get started.
As an outline of what we'll
do in the next few videos,
we'll first show you
a few classic networks.
The LeNEt-5 network which came from,
I guess, in 1980s,
AlexNet which is often cited and
the VGG network and
these are examples of pretty
effective neural networks.
And some of the ideas lay the foundation
for modern computer vision.
And you see ideas in these papers that
are probably useful for your own.
And you see ideas from these papers
that were probably be useful for
your own work as well.
Then I want to show you the ResNet or
conv residual network and
you might have heard that neural
networks are getting deeper and deeper.
The ResNet neural network trained a very,
very deep 152-layer neural network
that has some very interesting tricks,
interesting ideas how
to do that effectively.
And then finally you also see a case
study of the Inception neural network.
After seeing these neural networks, l
think you have much better intuition about
how to built effective
convolutional neural networks.
And even if you end up not
working computer vision yourself,
I think you find a lot of the ideas
from some of these examples,
such as ResNet Inception network,
many of these ideas are cross-fertilizing
on making their way
into other disciplines.
So even if you don't end up building
computer vision applications yourself, I
think you'll find some of these ideas very
interesting and helpful for your work.